---
layout: post
title: Graduation amid Pandemic
date: 2020-04-26
---

With two weeks to go of college amid this pandemic, it's shocking and
interesting to see how my life is changing. Just 1 month ago, I thought I
would be moving to California and starting my job in Santa Clara. Yet now, I'm
returning to my old home to work from home. I'm happy nonetheless that I still
have a job but it just shows how life can quickly change. Finals are underway
this week to which I don't have to worry about a good majority of them. Aside
from them being online, the grades that I need to get either an A or B aren't
too bad. I have to have a 30 on my final in my Operating Systems class to
get an A. I like these odds. It relaxes the stress of finals for me which in
turn boosts my confidence to do well. By May 10th, I should be finished with my
undergraduate college experience. I can't believe it but it's happening. On
that same day, I'll pack up and leave the residence hall to return home. My
sisters are looking forward to someone else doing chores instead of them.
However, I do know that I have changed since I left home for college 4 years
ago. When I left, I was starting to explore who I really was amid bullying of
people in high school based on my families class and standing within the town.
I shoved all criticism aside to be who I wanted to be. This lesson helped me
grow and take off during college. Freshman year, I would tie with another
student to be Hall President and later, be impeached by him in his pursuit of
power. I stayed true to myself and served with passion. This would reward me
greatly as I became well-known and liked in Residence Life during my tenure as
a Resident Advisor and Residential Housing Executive Board Member. I would
voice key opinions of students at different levels and make a difference
around me. I was never in pursuit of power or something nice on my resume. I
just wanted to serve everyone around me. I wanted to be their voice and fight
for them. Of course, there were struggles and key learnings along the way.
Some of the things that I wanted to fight for just weren't in the cards for
ResLife to feasibly achieve. I learned the inner workings of the university
and administration in order to better learn where to improve it. I never set
to create a legacy but with my gradation impending, many are reminding me how
large a figure I loomed at the university. My presence was always known and
appreciated. For once, I fit in and became a person that I wanted to be. I
grew into a mold that I created at the start. I found the key figures to look
up to and pushed myself when no one else would. I didn't succeed at everything
but I am proud of what I did manage to do. I hope that people learned lessons
from me and become great leaders. After all, leadership isn't just about you.
It's about how you groom other leaders too. I never was one for the limelight
but I loved to help people get the recognition that they deserved for their
leadership. This post is probably drowning on a bit so I'll wrap it up with
this. I won't forget the lessons that I learned here. It's a part of me and
made me who I am today. If someone is reading this, I hope they too can take a
lesson to heart: **be who they want to be**.
